Add SC expansion protocol (#56)
confidential-containers/confidential-containers: governance.md

#### Selection

> SC membership can be expanded by a unanimous vote of the commitee.

Reviewer: This has been solved in the last interaction, thanks for working on this @fitzthum!

Individuals wishing to join the SC should make a PR to this file updating the above list.
The PR message should include a brief background of the proposed member.
There are no eligibility requirements for membership.
The SC committee will mainly consider community contributions and influence when voting on new members.

> This could include code contributions to the project, maintainership of project components, and participation in community meetings among other things.

Reviewer 2: I think we value code, docs, issues, and other artifacts that get committed to repos. Likewise maintainership implies substantive reviews of those artifacts (i.e. PR reviews). 
I'm not sure about participation in meetings though. The things that come to mind for me are things that lead to the aforementioned artifacts.

An existing SC member can remove themselves from the committee by making a PR to this file.

> The SC will develop a protocol for renewal of committee membership.

Reviewer 3: Chatting on with @larrydewey and @sameo , An idea to gently extend this is perhaps have a date at which the SC dissolve and reforms. We don't necessarily need to have elections at present as I don;t feel we have any issues regarding size of SC yet?
Perhaps our general principles about ensuring diverse representation from companies/views/contribution areas?
And our general principle to push contentious discussions into the weekly well attended meetings?

Reviewer 3: But I am happy to approve what is here and we treat as a living document think about a further PR to add more.

Reviewer 3: An opt in process when SC reforms to start with for both existing SC and wider community members, but SC is more admin/process longer term thoughts. But discussions decisions are driven by the weekly community calls.

#### Selection

> The convention of the SC is for each company that is significantly engaged
> in the project to be represented by one or two members.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The convention of the SC is for each organization that is significantly engaged
in the project to be represented by one or two members. The term organization
covers any entity with a corporate, educational, or philantropic purpose like e.g.
companies, universities or foundations.
```

Reviewer 5: tiny typo on line 89 - philanthropic

Selection of the representatives of each company is not within scope
of the SC.

> Membership changes can fall into one of four categories.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Membership changes can fall into one of four categories, as described in the following sections.
```

Each of these processes should be initiated by the opening of a PR against
this document, explaining the motivations of the change and introducing
any potential new members.

> Membership changes can be approved via GitHub and do not require an SC meeting.

Reviewer 6: > Membership changes can be approved via GitHub and do not require an SC meeting.

does it mean a vote is same as a PR approval?

Reviewer 4: Good call. I guess we should have a majority of the current TSC members approving the PR to get it merged?

Reviewer 6: Agree, that was my thinking too.

Author: I clarified the voting procedure slightly. For expansion, 2/3rds are required. We don't have any means to reverse expansion decisions, so it's reasonable to have a higher bar. On GH that means 2/3rds of SC members approve the PR, which is roughly equivalent to a unanimous consensus at an SC meeting with a voting quorum (2/3rds) present.

Reviewer: > On GH that means 2/3rds of SC members approve the PR, which is roughly equivalent to a unanimous consensus at an SC meeting with a voting quorum (2/3rds) present.

IMHO, this is **very reasonable**, and more reasonable than a voting done in a meeting, as it gives time for the TSC members to jump in and approve (or not) the expansion, and also does **NOT** create any scenario where competitors could be blocked to join the project.

#### Selection

The convention of the SC is for each organization that is significantly engaged
in the project to be represented by one or two members.
In addition to a company, an organization could also refer to a
non-corporate institution such as school.
Selection of the representatives of each organization is not within scope
of the SC.
The organization itself should select the individual(s) to represent it.
Membership changes can fall into one of four categories,
as described in the following sections.
Each of these processes should be initiated by opening a PR against
this document, explaining the motivations of the change and introducing
any potential new members.
Membership changes can be approved via GitHub and do not require an SC meeting.

##### Expansion

The SC can be expanded if a new organization begins making significant contributions

> to the project.

Reviewer 7: At the moment, big users of the project are also contributors. I wonder if at some point we will welcome non-contributing users (the definition of contributors being "submitting PRs"). If a company starts using CC a lot, and provides valuable feedback in the form of issues, would that be enough for us to consider this a "contribution"?

Reviewer: Speaking out of my mind here, based on my interpretation of the text, so bear with me. :-)

Your point comes from "(the definition of contributors being "submitting PRs").", but I do believe this is clarified a few lines down below, by the following sentence:
"There is no standard definition for significant contributions."

So, I do believe this will get into the "case by case analisys", but there's nothing in the text that would prevent those from being considered.

Author: Yes, contributions does not necessarily imply submitting PRs.

Voting on a decision proposal should be used as a last resort solution, as it can potentially leave several SC members major concerns unaddressed.

Some procedural decisions, such as expansion, can be approved without an SC meeting. This is done via GitHub and requires approval by
2/3rds of SC members. If an SC member feels that further discussion is required a meeting can be called, even if the PR has otherwise been approved.

> If a meeting is called, the above procedure should be followed.

Reviewer 6: not critical to add but maybe something to think about. in CNCF circles I've seen two types of votes: binding and non-binding where the latter is used by the community members to show signs of support. maybe this could be mentioned in the commit message at least that non-binding votes are also encouraged?
